[VarDumper] Documented setUpVarDumper() and tearDownVarDumper() (#11981)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/var_dumper.rst

    {
        use VarDumperTestTrait;

>         protected function setUpVarDumper(array $casters, int $flags = null): void

Reviewer: Actually, this should not be implemented, but called instead:
- either in `setUp`, so all test cases in the class will use the same casters & flags
- either specifically at the beginning of each test case methods (here `testWithDumpEquals`) when these test cases each have their specific needs.

        {
            $this->varDumperConfig['casters'] = [
                \DateTimeInterface::class => static function (\DateTimeInterface $date, array $a, Stub $stub): array {
                    $stub->class = 'DateTime';
                    return ['date' => $date->format('d/m/Y')];
                },
            ];

>             $this->varDumperConfig['flags'] = CliDumper::DUMP_LIGHT_ARRAY | CliDumper::DUMP_COMMA_SEPARATOR;

Reviewer: Note with the following flags, `$expectedDump` will become:

```php

            $expectedDump = <<<EOTXT
    [
      123,
      "foo",
    ]
    EOTXT;
```

    {
        use VarDumperTestTrait;

        protected function setUp()
        {
            $casters = [
                \DateTimeInterface::class => static function (\DateTimeInterface $date, array $a, Stub $stub): array {
                    $stub->class = 'DateTime';
                    return ['date' => $date->format('d/m/Y')];
                },
            ];

            $flags = CliDumper::DUMP_LIGHT_ARRAY | CliDumper::DUMP_COMMA_SEPARATOR;

            // if the custom casters and flags apply only to some tests, call to this method

>             // from those tests instead of the setUp() method, which applies to all tests

Reviewer 2: @javiereguiluz could you reword this 2 lines comment, its hard to read IMO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Configure the casters & flags to use for all the tests in this class.
            // If you need custom casters per test cases rather than for the whole class,
            // call this method from each of these test cases instead.
```
